Exercise 1 

1. git init initializes a repository. 
2. git add adds modified files to be committed later to a repository (github.com)
	commit records the changes selected with add
3. staged files are selected and organized before they can be committed, gets 		ready for the commit. Committed files are actually sent
4. git commit -am "<commit message>"
5. remove staged file with   git reset HEAD <file>, go to old committed version 	with git checkout "" file/to/restore
6. It helps to keep your work easy to understand and is helpful to look back and 
	see what each commit was trying to achieve. 
7. git resent --hard "that commit"
8. hit the esc key, then q to quit. 

Exercise 2

1. git is a local repository that can store commits on my own computer, where 		Github is an online repository that pushes my commits to their servers so 		they are safe in the cloudz.
	git could exist without GitHub because my files could just stay in a local repository but GitHub needs git to push my files to their website.
2. Because it hosts the code of so many developers and allows us to share our 		code with partners in order to work more efficiently as a group and provides 	for excellent security, version control across multiple contributors. 
3. git push moves the files from a local repository, that have been committed 		already, into an online repository (GitHub).
4. git pull incorporates changes from a remote repository (GitHub) and then 		merges it into the working branch you are on. It essentially performs git 		fetch and git merge in a single command. 

Exercise 4

1. A request comes from the client, and it is the url that maps to a specific 		website. The request is than converted to an IP address throught the DNS and 	follows a path of nodes across the internet until it reaches the desired IP.
2. This IP lives on a server somewhere and has a specific number 111.11.1.11 
3. Once it has arrived, a web application takes in the url string, which often contains parameters for the application, and sends back a response which can be an HTML file, json, or some other reponse.
4. Once the response is recieved, the web browser, or mobile browser inteprets the HTML or json and converts that to readable text or a beatiful webpage. 

Exercise 5

1. An error message appears, 404. 
2. It means that the url specified does not match to any real website on a server 		at that location.
3. Ruby still rocks, rafi just hasn't made a page to shout it to the world yet. 

 
